Shut up, fish rat. to you,
You two are just the words of relatives.
In front of the money coming out of the Yellow River, are you two looking for him through the back door?
What? That one looks the same.
This is because God has the vision to prevent you from doing this evil.
Opportunity to make a fortune.
What about farting? Then he would die.
I mean you so dearly, please let me go.
This is not a relative, so you are just trying to make people look bad.
My wife is like a relative to you.
Fart, I said.
I am your father.
We are the father.
Just don’t tell anyone, please.
Please, I never dare again
Never dare again
There will be one with me
Go talk to the police
Go ahead and put the police down
Don't, don't, don't, don't go
don't don't don't don't
I don't dare anymore